Hi and Welcome to day three of camp. This is  usually the last day of a weekend conference. Friday. Saturday. Sunday. Isnt that wonderful. Currently Pepper is sitting out the back of her home drinking a tall glass of cider. It is refreshing on a day like this. She is slightly behind on her wordcount today. This morning she woke early and had breakfast and fed the cat (but not the dog). She got ready for the day and went for a walk. It was a beautiful day and she was going to be leaving the next day so she wanted to make the most of the weather. Her walk was not as long as usual. She returned home and drank cider. For the rest of the day she plans to increase the wordcount so that she hits the 50,000 words she had planned this morning. Once she has reached a certain wordcount then she will be rewarded. The biggest problem is the head. It's just far to hot outside and inside will likely be almost worse. Could put the air condition on insiIt's just far too hot in here. 

The oold man sat on his chair and read the newspaper. Even at his age he was still able to create content and publish. Every since he could remember the drew or wrote everyday. He always thought he was bad at subjects but really it was just the teachers. Able to do anythng really. Did a range of projects in his lifetime. Run a art blog where he would publish recent art he had created. This was usually drawings, paintings, and sometimes 3d, street art. Portraits, life drawing, landscapes, city scapes, characters, creatures are just some of the content that is created in the artwork. Content on the site is licenced under a creative commons attubution licence. This is a free licence. The content can be used for any purpose, just give credit. Going to need to get a few word counts today if it is going to hit 1667 words, which is what is needed. Again my biggest excuse for not writing today is the heat. Hard to think when too warm. Easier to get out of the heat than cold. Warm during the day means warm at night also. This is good for people that are living on the street at night and for those that want to be out late. Helps forser a more active night life because people will be out and about at night as it is too hot during the day. If its cold quite easy to warm yourself up. Go for a run. Light fire. Put on more clothes. Warming  a home can be harder but is posible. The old man wanted some lunch so he put down his paper and stood  up. He cooked two corn coobs. Quarter there and3 quaters to go. Meet nice people at holiday parks. Pepper sayed at holiday park once and meet Prince. She was in love. Pepper knew if she could marry into the bloodline of royalite the chaosah school of magic will concquer all. It will strike down on houses like Magmah and Aqahq. What sort of lame names are they for the houses? They should of just changed them themselves without fighting about it. Many people died when the schools of magic went to war. 
