It wasn’t easy for Mary to find information on Harris childhood. Key details such as his parents identities had been erased from official records. Mary wanted to check who was involved with the erasing and if she could get the details. The details showed that Harris was brought up by his Aunt. The address in the details showed she lived several hours away. The best option for Mary to get to her was the train. She would be allowed to take her scooter on board the train. It was too dangerous for her to ride the scooter all the way to the location where Harrises Aunt lived. There was a high change that she no longer lived there. She looked up her details. She was still alive and the address matched her data. Maybe there was a chance.  
Mary rode her scooter down to the train station and brought a train ticket to the area that Harris Aunt lived. She had to pay extra in order to bring her scooter on. The train trip was going to be several hours but she had hired a private cabin on the train so she was able to sleep. Pepper had offered to come with Mary but she insisted on her staying behind and help the Company track down John and Harris. 

Pepper usually only worked on press releases. Mary had left her to work on finding Harris and John well Mary went and visited the woman who raised Harris. Pepper had a team of police and company people that she went door to door knocking on doors and showing photographs of Harris and John asking people if they had seen him. People were quite frightened to open their doors but when it was announced that they were from the Company the people opened them - fear that the Company would suspect of them helping John and Harris. They spent hours talking to people with no luck. Finally one old lady told them that she had two men that fitted the description of John and Harris walking down the road when she was watering the flowers in her front garden. She told them they were carrying several cardboard boxes and were moving quickly. Pepper knew that those boxes that they were carrying must of contained the specimen and documents that belonged to the Company. Mary would be happy to hear that Pepper had made progress on locating John and Harris. Pepper checked the time. Mary would of made it off the train by now and would be on her scooter to Harris Aunt house. She could try contacting her now but Pepper didn’t want to interrupt or slow down Mary from talking to Harris Aunt. Mary would ring Pepper once she was finished with Harris Aunt. Pepper was looking forward to telling Mary about the old woman and the fact that she spotted Harris and John. The Company was able to focus the search to this area. 

John stood over the Judge. The Judge had been sleeping but Johns presences had woken him up. Harris had caused some serious damage to the Judge and John had pleaded to take the Judge to the hospital. Harris had refused but given John medical supplies to heal the Judge with. The Judges finger had been almost removed and John began to sew it up. There was a chance that he could loose the finger and it would never operate the same. But John wasn’t going to sit around and do nothing. There were other areas of his body that needed stickers along with bandages. John wasn’t trained as a doctor but he had medical experience. All Resistance fighters were given first aid and medic training. This was especially important for when they were in the field. It could mean the difference between a Resistant fighter surviving or dying. The Judge was weak and didn’t speak. He tried to say a few words but John told him that it was important that he rest instead. It seemed the Judge wanted to tell John something though. After John was finished mending the Judges wounds he gave the Judge some painkillers. The pills caused the Judge to drift back off to sleep. John walked out the room. He needed a break before he attended to the injuries of the lawyers. He walked into the kitchen and put the jug on to make himself a cup of tea. He opened the container that contained the tea bags and put one in the cup. He noticed the cup was quite dirty so before he dropped the tea bag inside he left it on the bench and moved towards the sink with the cup where he gave it a wash with warm water and soap. John remembered that Harris had always been terrible at washing dishes. Harris was in his office and John gave a yell - asking him if he wanted a drink also. Harris yelled back that he was busy. John helped himself from a cookie from the cookie jar and took a seat on the table and drank the tea. He looked through the documents that he and Harris had taken from the room at the Company Camp. Harris was in his office doing the same thing. Once the Judge was healed they would ask him more questions about the specimen and documents. John was quite surprised by the documents that the Company had in the room. He knew now why the Company wanted to keep him alive. Why he was so important to their plans. Even now he knew they wanted to keep him alive and he knew he was safe. Harris on the other hand. They had no need to keep him alive and John suddenly became scared that they would kill him. After all these horrible things that Harris that had done John still cared for him. 

Mary arrived at the house that belonged to Harris Aunt. This was where he had grown up. It was an old house. Built before the Company came into power. Someone lived there though. The lawns and gardens were well maintained. Mary walked up the steps towards the front door. The steps were a similar style to the University that she had visited just days ago. There was no doorbell but she knocked twice at the door. She could hear voices inside. An elderly woman peaked through the door. She asked Mary who she was and Mary told her the truth - her name was Mary Lynch and she worked for the Company and she was here to ask about Harris. Mary asked if the woman was Harrises Aunt. The old woman nodded. It was a great success for Mary. She was worried that she came out all this way for nothing. The old woman opened the door for Mary and invited her in. She showed her into the dining room. The old woman asked if Mary would like a drink. Mary accepted and a drink well talking about Harris would help. The old woman went into the kitchen and started to make the drink - leaving Mary in the lounge. Mary walked around the lounge. The furniture was old but it was clean and well maintained. Photos covered the wall. They were mostly of people but several landscape photos were also present. The old woman returned into the room several minutes later She carried with her a drink for both herself and Mary. Strangely Mary noticed that she was shacking. Mary suspected that something was wrong. Her first thought that there were others in the house. The old woman handed Mary the drink. Having her suspicion she decided not to drink it. The old woman asked her what she wanted to know about Harris. Mary took out her notepad and started to take notes. She wanted to know as much information as possible on Harris and his background. The old woman went on about how he was an ordinary child and she took after him after his parents died in a car crash. Mary knew straight away the old woman was lying. There was no way that Harris parents died in a car crash. The answers had been reprised. Mary asked if she could use the toilet. The woman nodded and showed Mary where it was then went back to the lounge to wait for Mary to return. Mary peaked out from the toilet and saw that the Old woman was sitting along in the lounge, drinking her drink. Now was Mary's chance to explore the house. She crept up the stairs being careful not to disturb the Old Woman. After reaching the top the first door she opened was the old woman's bedroom. Nothing strange about it. The next door was jammed but she managed to open it. Mary gasped as she saw a trail of blood. Three bodies were piled up. The room was large and split into smaller areas. It had been used a lab. Three bodies sat in the corner belonging to the Judge and Lawyer. Mary was shocked. Harris must of brought the Judge and Lawyers back here. The room was empty. Harris and John must of escaped when Mary was talking the Old Woman. Mary rushed down the stairs and found the old woman had disappeared also. It was so close and Harris and John had gotten away again. Mary went back up to the room where the bodies of the Judge and Lawyers where. She checked them. They had been dead for several days. She checked some of the rooms - to her surprise she found the Judge and Lawyers in hospital beds. Harris and John had escaped without them. This was excellent news for the Company. The Judge and Lawyers looked like they were in bad shape a medic had attended to them - their torture wounds had been mended to. Mary assumed that this might be Johns doing. Harris would of tortured them to get information about the Company Camp room and then when he returned here with John it would of been John that insisted on performing medic on the Judge and Lawyers. Mary knew that John was a good man. 