Pepper and Harris walked into the town. There was no evidence that anyone was in the town. They continued to explore the town. There 

Pepper and Harris had made it to the town. They had left the boat on the dock and just walked up to the town. Harris had followed Pepper. Like a mindless zombie he couldn't think for himself. Pepper could just yell commands and he would obey. It was Pepper goal to locate and find John and Khyati. She knew they would be in one of the nearby towns. John had taken a boat from the mainland and traveled to the islands where he had discovered Khyati and activated her. Pepper was cautions as she walked through the towns. She wanted to find John and Khyati but not let them spot her so she could get an understanding on Khyati and how dangerous she was. Pepper knew that John wouldn't hurt her but she wasn't sure about Khyati. All Pepper knew was Khyati could not be trusted. The Company had done what they did for a very good reason. That reason was partly why Pepper was here to find out. 

Pepper found that John had been staying at the Hotel. She had watched him leave the hotel everyday with Khyati. They explored the surrounding towns and buildings. Looking for something. Pepper didn't want to reveal herself to Pepper yet. She kept Harris hidden away. One of the buildings that John entered often with Khyati was the science lab. Pepper couldn't risk following John into the building. One evening after they had left and headed back to the hotel. Pepper entered the science lab. The entrance area was a wide foyal area. Document papers were scatted around the area. The place had clearly not been cleaned up. Pepper looked at the documents. The logo symbol was foreign. Pepper didn't recognize it. Under the logo a govt department phase. Pepper realized that the logo symbol must of been part of the government. This was something Pepper had never seen before. When the Company came into power all evidence of the govt was erased. Pepper wondered why the Company didn't destroy the evidence here. She placed a document in her pocket. It might come in handy. Pepper made her way through the area. At the far end of the room was a door with writing on that said dangerous. Hazmat suits were nearby. Pepper took one off the stand and put it on over her clothes. She zipped it up and provided to open the door. She walked in and the door shut after her. Another door in front of her opened and she walked in. Specimens were stored in here. Similar to what Pepper had developed in past. It seemed that these Specimens were far more advance than what Pepper had created. Her Specimens were based on these but not as advance. When she was in high school Pepper had discovered govt documents on how to build the Specimens. That's how she got started with it. Was it the govt that wanted Pepper to create the Specimens. Did the govt know that they would be eliminated and replaced with the Company. Questions came pouring into Peppers head. She looked around the room at the Specimens. They were prototypes of the Khyati model. Mistakes and editions that didn't work out. The same happened with Pepper creations. It took her many attempts to get a Specimen build that worked correctly. Pepper wondered where all the Scientists were that use to work here. She would love to work with them. The more Pepper looked into the more she decided that she didn't want to harm John. She had came to the island to stop him. To bring him to justice but the more she studied him and the science lab the more she didn't want to do it. 
When Pepper walked out of the science lab she spotted the original Specimen. Pepper had been following John and Khyati for several days and hadn't seen the Specimen. Pepper was happy to be reunited with the Specimen. Now Pepper had the Specimen and Harris. Both under her control. 

John realized that Pepper had arrived on the island the day after she arrived. He saw her following him. He just pretended that he didn't see her. John carried on as everything was normal. The Company had came to the island for John. As time went on John thought that something was different with Pepper. She would continue to follow him but didn't approach. John was expecting the Company to come bust him. But it didn't happen. John had thought about trying to talk to Pepper. But he could never catch her. She always avoided him. John had noticed that the Specimen had returned. It would follow Pepper around the island. John didn't see any sign of Harris. John assumed that Harris must of died on the mainland before John left to the island. 

Harris hated not being able to control himself. The Specimen that he was merged with controlled his every movement. Harris could think for himself but was not able to speak. The specimen controlled his voice. He wanted to yell and scream but nothing would come out.  

Pepper had broken into a house and was stating there. It was out of the way of Johns area where he spent the majority of his time. 

Patrick was happy that the body of his wife was finally found. He had spend years wondering what had happened to her. Now it showed that Suz had been taken by someone. The Company were investigating on what happened but the major suspect as Harris. He was someone that worked for the Resistance and the Company. They thought that Harris had made a mistake in capturing Suz. They told Patrick they had been given evidence that showed that Harris had captured Suz but was meant to capture. Patrick wanted to find this Harris person. He managed to find out that the Company had found him and captured. Patrick wanted to meet this Harris himself. He wanted to meet the person that killed his wife. He traveled the Company Camp. He was told that Harris wasn't there anymore. That he had been part of a Company experiment and was no longer himself - rather he was a hybrid - mixture of Specimen and his old human self. 

Cleanup after the attack on the govt took many months. The building had to be tested that it would be safe for people to enter. The gas that was used had to make sure that it would’t affect others. 

Pepper wanted to find out more about Khyati. She knew there was a connection between The Company, the govt, and Khyati. 